Document new `dd_hostname` field for fluentbit integration (#23966)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/integrations/fluentbit.md

| dd_message_key | _Recommended_ - Set the attribute to use to store your log message.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |                                                                             |
| dd_tags        | _Optional_ - The [tags][10] you want to assign to your logs in Datadog.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |                                                                             |

> | dd_hostname    | _Optional_ - The host that emitted logs should be associated with. If unset, Datadog will expect the host to be set as one of [the standard host attributes][12].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| dd_hostname    | _Optional_ - The host that emitted logs should be associated with. If unset, Datadog expects the host to be set as one of [the standard host attributes][12].
```
